Northern Gaza Israel's military
offensive in Shaya has continued for
10th day it's a neighborhood in Gaza
City the cassan brigades that's the
armed wing of Hamas has described
fighting with Israeli forces as quote
Fierce Israel's Army says its soldiers
have found long range rockets in the
area and demolished tunnel
shafts people Sheltering in the Shaya
neighborhoods say the violence has
ripped families apart Palestinian
journalist Ibrahim alal spoke to
families there
this is the 10th day of the ongoing
ground invasion in a sha neighborhood
the situation remains dire with many
people still trapped in the area with
ongoing air strikes on the neighborhood
increase the suffering of civilians each
day we witnessed the growing desperation
of families trying to survive after
these Relentless assaults cello the
destruction is immense that the streets
are filled with the depress of bombed
out building and the sounds of
explosions and gunfire are a constant
reminder of the violence that surrounds
us despite the dire conditions some
people have managed to escape their trap
situations after being stuck for several
days their stories of survival after
such hardship are both heartbreaking and
inspiring I was totally cut off there
was no way I could get in touch with my
family at all it was the seventh day I
think when one of our neighbors knocked
and said the Israelis had pulled out we
came out but had to run for our lives
because the Israelis started shelling us
it was a miracle we survived by the time
we reached the street corner there were
quadcopters chasing us while some have
managed to escape many other families
remain trapped with no way to reach
safety communication lines are down so
we have very little information about
the full extent of the casualties
reports indicate that many have been
killed and am bces and medical teams are
still unable to reach those who need
urgent
treatment make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from alaz